- [Morgan] Hi everyone,
welcome to the course. My name is Morgan Willis, and I am a Principal
Cloud Technologist here at AWS Training and Certification. - [Russ] And I am Russ Sayers,
Senior Cloud Technologist at AWS Training and Certification. These days, containers
are just about everywhere, and there are people from
many different career paths who need to be familiar
with container technology. This course is designed for someone in software new to containers or working with containers, and looking to grow their knowledge, and has 4 weeks of content. - [Morgan] In the first week,
we start off by level-setting around what containers are,
their use cases and benefits, and also, some of the
basics around how to build and host a simple container
on AWS using services like Amazon Elastic Container
Registry and AWS App Runner. - [Russ] In Week 2, we start thinking about multi-container deployments. A developer environment may
need multiple microservices and a database. Using tools like Docker Compose, we can automate the process of
launching multiple containers in their own network. For getting multiple
containers into production, we talk about container orchestration. You have containerized
applications you want deployed to your compute resources,
how can we automate this? We introduce Amazon
Elastic Container Service to launch, scale, and
manage your containers. We look at EC2 for your compute resources, and AWS Fargate as the managed
serverless compute option. - [Morgan] In Week 3, we focus
in on Kubernetes workloads. Kubernetes is an open-source platform for container orchestration that is popular and has a
lot of community support. There is a bit of a learning
curve for Kubernetes, and Week 3 is designed to
help ease that learning curve and give you a solid foundation
of the basics of Kubernetes. The service Amazon Elastic
Kubernetes Service, or EKS, makes it a lot easier to create and operate Kubernetes clusters, and we'll demonstrate how to
run a containerized app on EKS. And then finally, in
Week 4, we will wrap up by covering some other
container-related services on AWS, like AWS CloudWatch Container
Insights, AWS Lambda, AWS App Mesh, and more. - [Russ] If there's one thing
in this course we want you to focus on, it's this: what
will containers solve for you? - [Morgan] Is there any application that would really benefit
from being containerized? - [Russ] Could your
deployments go little smoother if you started using
container orchestration? - [Morgan] Or are there
any cost optimizations that you could make? - [Russ] Now, it's time to
get started on the learning.